Kill him
Shi Rong, these are the elites under the interests
You knocked it down so easily
I said I was there
They can't touch you
The boy is still a practitioner
But Rino, I just hit you wrong
You met me today
Your luck is over
Wait to die
This is the legend of Li Ye's fame
Alma mater Zhengtian
It is said that
This is a skill passed down from the Qin family of the Temple of War to Ye Li
Liye relies on this move
I became a five-star general.
And everyone who does this will survive
old
Di Li Ye is really popular this time
We can't escape Shen Rong
Look at what you've done with chaos
The boy is going to use this trick today
The roaring sky swallows you alive and lively
You have to let the whole middle and lower classes know
What will happen to me when I get drunk?
The tiger roar is still alive and lively
Even an old dog dares to devour
at least
I'll see if your mouth can still be so hard later.
Look at this trash! His hands are shaking
I have a hand to kill tigers and dragons
Ah!
Big brother stands still and knocks you down
How is this possible?